Update laptop-loan.md (#3)
CodeYourFuture/CYF-Signposts: content/posts/laptop-loan.md

This is a loan only; you should return the laptop when you get a job in tech after completing the course. If you leave the course, you need to return the laptop to CYF.

> After your request has been reviewed, you will receive an agreement to sign via email. Once signed, a staff member in your region will be in touch with the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The laptop is free of charge.

After you have completed the form, you will get an email with a loan agreement to sign. Once signed, a CYF member in your region will be in touch with the next steps.
```
